the electricity of midnight express the
excitement of Fame one man has captured
them both
his name is Alan Parker he creates the
kinds of films that have never happened
before now it's happening again why did
dad leave us I don't think he left you I
think he left me
MGM presents shoot the moon an emotional
portrait of an American family with
powerful performances by Albert Finney
this is my house I fixed up this house
and Diane Keaton well you're not at the
house anymore George remember you want
that fee first and a screenplay by
two-time Academy Award winner beau
Goldman girl better get a divorce right
then can I have two what happens to me
it is honest compelling and
uncompromising it is a story of love
pain anger and tears of needing of
hoping of facing the truth it was never
right for you was I George it was like I
sang all the music but I never knew the
words there is one thing about marriage
that hasn't changed the way you hurt
when it begins to fall apart I loved you
God I left
Albert Finney Diane Keaton in an Alan
Parker film shoot the moon